c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\FXDebugger.exe.config
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\FXDebugger.exe
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\FXDebugger.pdb
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.g.resources
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.exe
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.pdb
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.exe.licenses
C:\Users\fangxm\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FXDebugger\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\FXDebugger.exe.config
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\FXDebugger.exe
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\FXDebugger.pdb
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Charts.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.DocumentViewer.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v16.2.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.g.resources
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.exe.licenses
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.exe
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\FXDebugger.pdb
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\Asixa\About.g.cs
E:\Programing\C#\GitHubProject\FXDebugger\Source\FXDebugger\obj\Debug\Asixa\About.baml
